hello my name is Ray Lewis some of you
might remember me from my 17 seasons
playing linebacker for the Baltimore
Ravens some of you might remember me for
being a two-time Super Bowl champion and
a super bowl MVP some of you might
remember me for doing some shit I paid a
lot of money for people to forget about
but that's neither here nor there i pay
attention fool i'm here because i wanna
be your new pope new poop new Pope's
like a new pope because jesus loves me
every Sunday I lead 51 men on their feet
into the heart of battle to defeat the
other team and the devil's bullshit and
stuff every Sunday I can leave 1.2
billion followers of our lord to their
knees lord I believe look I ain't gonna
be some weak-ass Pope quick cuz I'm too
tired they pay me to lose my damn mind
I'm a man who will take the bull by the
horns and then I take those horns mash
him up get a little extract spray under
the tongue Shh look ray ray all better
when God is for you who can be against
you huh who could be against you God
don't love Colin Kaepernick that's for
damn sure who gonna love a man who has a
nose like a pterodactyl Incheon with a
hair on it look like the bottom of my
balls can you imagine me walking out on
that balcony Pope Ray Lewis the first
come out and do my little poke dance
like ah ah Pope ah did the crowds like
we love you way we always knew you are
the best you'll always be the best
you're so awesome and I'll be like you
can't hurt me I'm a machine jerk f you
Tim Tebow walk around saying you know
the Lord like you know the Lord like you
grew up with him or something sucker the
Lord love ray ray mean Lord go way back
mean the Lord tight son tight if I was
in the club with Jesus and he got into a
fight which I had nothing to do with and
then he like stab the dude which I had
nothing to do with I wouldn't tell the
cops shit tim tebow if you knew the way
the Lord works if you really knew the
way the Lord works you'll be able to
throw a damn spiral but you can't so
shut up I know I should be boat I just
know it it's the will of God when's the
last time you seen a pope wear face
paint Ash Wednesday hell how about face
paint ever damned Dane get to wear that
sweet pope hat which is good because
it'll cover up these damn antlers I've
been growing good Lord the Lord don't
make mistakes that's why he made me a
champion you want your Pope to be a
champion you want your Pope to be the
best Pope that ever been you want your
Pope they scare the shit out of the
devil the boat rain rain for new pope
people vote Ray Lewis you don't vote for
Ray Lewis I'm gonna kill you I mean I
mean uh
faure Lewis new pope